doc for remove_irrevocable_lease_after (#30736)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/configuration/index.mdx

- `administrative_namespace_path` `(string: "")` - Specifies the absolute path
  to the Vault namespace to be used as an [Administrative namespace](/vault/docs/enterprise/namespaces/create-admin-namespace).

- `remove_irrevocable_lease_after` `(string: "")` - Enables the automatic deletion
of irrevocable leases. When the configured duration exceeds an irrevocable lease's expire time,
the lease will be deleted. The minimum value for this field is `2d`. When set to a value

> below the minimum, it will default to `2d`. Deleting a lease may cause external resources to be orphaned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to less than the minimum, Vault overwrites the value to `2d`. Deleting a lease may cause Vault to orphan external resources. 
```
Style correction: write in the active voice
